hey guys it's John here coming to you of
a Disney Store Snow White and the Seven
the walls review here after you today
the prince so let's jump right in and
have a closer look at his packaging
packaging wise the prince comes in a
blue window plastic sleek box with a
cardboard backing which shows a very
faint image of the woods of course we
had the Disney Store logo at the top
corner and his name at the bottom in a
crowned heart surrounded by bronze gold
filigree swirls with blue and white gems
outlining the border of the packaging
itself which also has little Sparkle
circle and heart decals
all over the back of the packaging
displays the Disney Princess logo a very
faint background image of the woods with
Snow White's castle in the distance and
the Disney Store the prince classic doll
himself so now let's jump right in and
have a closer look at the very first
Disney Prince himself so here we have
the Prince right out of packaging
looking as handsome as ever in his
signature blue white brown and red royal
getup face wise the Prince looks as
dashing as ever with his chiseled tanned
face blue dreamy eyes which are side
glancing to the right in Disney Store
tradition and knowing smirk this year
all Disney Princess got a major makeover
now rocking their new head scopes and
paint first seat in the limited-edition
Disney fairytale designer collection the
prince here definitely has benefited
from this now appearing to have a lot
more detail and life in him though I
will say this is analyst of a closer
depiction of the characters original
likeness himself now appearing more
modern but gorgeous nonetheless as for
hair the prince has a short naturally
styled dark brown dude which is
beautifully detailed with sculpted
strands all around his head with his
French piece covering the right side of
his forehead much like the original
design strands on the sides of he said
following the flow around his ears and
the back strands layering over each
other quite realistically moving down to
clothing the print is donning his
signature royal getup
which consists of a dark blue tunic with
caramel gold detailing
white bellowing sleeves and collar a
brown leather like belt with gold buckle
blue
chocolate brown boots and of course he's
large blood red cape
overall the outfit is a nice
representation of the iconic look as a
whole with some slight simplified
aspects and little missing details that
I would have liked to see included
though I don't find myself really
missing them that much since I'm pretty
satisfied with this simple look the
basic look itself stays true to the
silhouette of the original with main
elements present my personal favorite
aspects are definitely the billowy
sleeves enlarged cape which have always
stood out compared to other Disney
princes giving the prince himself a more
dated old-timey look and feel though I
would have loved to see a removable cape
which unfortunately this does not allow
since it's sewn on to the shoulders of
his tunic piece itself man I in love me
a good cape colors on the clothing seem
to have moved closer to the movie
version with darker shades of blue and
brown being news for the princess pants
and boots which is a plus speaking about
the boots the details in the scoped in
use of two tones of paint now is a happy
welcome which though is a little change
upgrades the dolls overall appearance
tenfold comparison wise standing next to
the Disney Store the prints 2010 classic
doll the prints 2015 classic though
looks like a completely different
character with his new Disney fairy tale
designer collection head sculpt paint
and overall body colour now being
extremely 10 making the 2010 version
look like a ghost of course though these
two dolls as well share similarities
with the basic Disney Store male body
which has been used ever since 2010 and
they're close to identical clothing with
ever so slight changes which include
altered colors now appearing more dark
and changes on a few pieces of his
outfit such as his blue tunic now being
slight darker blue he's never liked belt
now appearing to be a lot thinner in a
darker shade of brown
he's pants being as well a darker shade
of blue these shoes now have a new
sculpt with wrinkled details a small
hill and the opening slit being at the
back rather than on the sides as well as
being a darker shade of brown with a
light brown overlay of paint which gives
off the odor worn look and lastly the
princess Cape as well seems to look that
- bit darker now all in all from the
first moment I saw the Disney fairytale
designer collection new head sculpt I
knew it was love at first sight
they knew the prints 2015 classic doll
is looking as handsome as ever with
brilliant detail in his head scoped and
closer movie-accurate clothing while I
always thought the prints 2010 classic
doll always felt a little lifeless due
to his face now being able to compare
the new and old versions though I find a
tiny part of me is missing the closer
movie likeness of the 2010 prints in the
new 2015 Prince doll both dolls feel
like separate characters rather than one
which makes it difficult to pinpoint
which one truly stands on top of the
other what I will say though is that
both are definitely awesome in their own
unique way articulation wise the prints
here can rotate his head completely 360
his arms as well can be rotated
completely 360 though that is limited
due to his outfit his arms can be pushed
up he has a bend in the elbow slightly
under 90 degrees his legs can be pushed
forward back he can do the splits though
that again is limited due to his outfit
and lastly he has the rubber click knees
that can be clicked a few times overall
I am extremely happy with the Disney
Store The Prince he has brilliant
aesthetics which with detail in the head
sculpt alone outshine T's previous dolls
and makes up for the fact that there
isn't any huge changes in his outfit
articulation though is unfortunately a
letdown continuing to be very limited
especially in his legs prohibiting him
from getting into any dynamic poses or
basic ones at that without looking like
a robot all in all I feel that if you
really like movie accurate dolls
the head sculpt of the 2010 prince has
you covered even though he doesn't look
all that great compared to this updated
version he does appear to resemble the
original movie design a lot closer if
you want a more handsome fresh modern
looking doll with slightly more color
accurate clothing pieces very this is a
doll for you I highly recommend the
Disney Store the prints for any the
Prince Snow White in a 7
dwarfs or Disney Prince enthusiasts in
general and until next time I will see
you guys soon bye